Let's just talk. We're building a nice clean landing page, for a new website. 

DO not build anything until we go over the key points and structure of the site. 

First the concept, the site is called "UN-VC" and it is about changing how Venture Capital works. As of the mid 2000's, venture capital has changed with becoming more and more risk averse, and backing only fully established companies, or strictly choosing based on inner circles and other non-potential and non-performance based metrics. 

The point of this fund, a new VC fund, is to democratize the VC space. It will do so in the following way. People who are looking to raise, will each put $50 of their funds into a fully transparent crypto wallet. This way, every cent that comes into the fund, is public, on chain and auditable. 

Once a certain criteria is hit, let's say $250,000, the fund is not ready to make it's first investment. But how will the decision be made? how will it ensure that people who don't have the right connections, that don't have the experience, or the traction, but potentially an incredible idea still get funded? with entyopy. Each person looking to raise, and essentialy investor as well, will get a random number assignment. The community will vote for the best projects, based on pure innovation. Each ID will get exactly one vote. Even if one investor puts in $10,000, it is still one vote. And to ensure that one person doesn't make 10,000 small bets to gain control, there will be a pure random number generator factor from the very beginning. A random lottery that'll determine who gets chosen to pitch period. 

This ensures a level playing field where people who own too much capital, or have the right connections don't suck up all the capital. 

The focus of this fund is to breed pure innovation. 

And how will it be self sustaining? each round will raise, and the fund will have equity in the business it backs. If an exit is made, some funds will get reinvested back in to the pool while also collecting again from the potential people trying to raise. 

VCs have way too much control, they purposely stifle competition, suck up all the capital and annoint winners based on completely arbritary bogus criteria that is ever changing. 

We want to change all that and democratize the fund raising space. 